Change replace keyword and parameratize docker scripts (#27)
stactools-packages/template: README.md

> # stactools-ephemeral

Reviewer: I agree that `ephemeral` shouldn't get us into any trouble w.r.t. renaming via scripts, but I'm a little worried about how this README looks to someone coming to the template repo. I think if I saw this title I'd be a bit confused. Some options off the top of my head:
1. Add a top section to the README with the template info, with instructions to delete
2. Have a main `README.md` that's for the template repo w/ how-to-use instructions, and a second README-ephemeral that gets moved to README as part of the rename process

Not sure what the answer is, but I think we do want the landing page to be a bit friendlier?

Author: Agreed. I'll add a quick note at the top for now. A separate README is probably a good idea.

Author: I've added a separate shorter README that gets replaced by the templated one during `rename`.

   Your name will be used on PyPI to publish the package in the stactools namespace, e.g. `stactools-landsat`.
2. Change into the top-level directory of your package and run `scripts/rename`.
   This will update _most_ of the files in the repository with your new package name.
3. Update `setup.cfg` with your package description and such.

> 4. Rewrite this README to provide information about how to use your package.
> 5. Update the LICENSE with your company's information (or whomever holds the copyright).
> 6. Run `sphinx-quickstart` in the `docs` directory to create the documentation template.
> 7. Update `docs/installation_and_basic_usage.ipynb` to provide an interactive notebook to help users get started. Include the following badge at the top of the README to launch the notebook: [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/stactools-packages/template/main?filepath=docs/installation_and_basic_usage.ipynb). Be sure to modify the badge href to match your package repo.
> 8. Add example Items (and Collections and Catalogs, if included) to a `examples/` directory.
> 9. Delete this section from the README

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Update the LICENSE with your company's information (or whomever holds the copyright).
5. Run `sphinx-quickstart` in the `docs` directory to create the documentation template.
6. Update `docs/installation_and_basic_usage.ipynb` to provide an interactive notebook to help users get started. Include the following badge at the top of the README to launch the notebook: [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/stactools-packages/template/main?filepath=docs/installation_and_basic_usage.ipynb). Be sure to modify the badge href to match your package repo.
7. Add example Items (and Collections and Catalogs, if included) to a `examples/` directory.
8. Delete this file, and rename `README-template.md` to `README.md`. Update your new README to provide information about how to use your package.
```
